WIP: reorganise launcher to have different vendor flavours (#1)
honeycombio/otel-launcher-go: honeycomb/README.md

# Launcher, a Honeycomb Distro for OpenTelemetry 🚀

> Minimap setup using Honeycomb and environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimal setup using Honeycomb and environment variables:
```

```go
import (
    "github.com/lightstep/otel-launcher-go/launcher"
    _ "github.com/honeycombio/otel-launcher-go/launcher/honeycomb"
)

func main() {

>     launcher := launcher.ConfigureOpentelemetry()

Reviewer: Same comment about var/package name conflicting

    defer launcher.Shutdown()
}
```

> Alternitvely, you can set both the servie name and API key via launcher options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set both the service name and API key via launcher options.
```
